add storage group documentation under seal-workers (#32)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/docs/storage-providers/seal-workers.md

When using proprietary Nvidia drivers, it's possible to select which GPU device will be used by Lotus with the `NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=[device number]` env var.

Device numbers can be obtained with the `nvidia-smi -L` command.

#### Sector Storage Groups

> The sectorstore.json contains two additional optional fields to allow for creating worker groups and avoiding unnecessarily moving data between multi-purpose workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sectorstore.json` file contains two options fields that allow you to create worker groups and avoid moving data between multi-purpose workers.
```

##### Use case

> - This feature is useful when storage path is not shared between the worker.
> - This feature can used to group workers if some of the workers share a storage path (ex: NFS) but not all.
> - In case all workers share the same storage path like NFS or similar storage then this feature would not be helpful.
> - This feature does not relate to long term storage path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This feature is useful when the Lotus storage path is not shared between workers.
- This feature can used to group workers together if some, but not all, of them share a storage path (e.g. NFS). If all the workers share the same storage path, then this feature should not be used.
- This feature does not relate to long term storage path.
```

Author: In the second point - This feature can be used

```
Groups []string - list of group names the storage path belongs to.
AllowTo []string - list of group names to which sectors can be fetched to from this storage path.
```

> The option `AllowTo` defined which storage path the sector can be pulled from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option `AllowTo` defines which storage path the sector can be pulled from.
```

> For example in the following setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the following example:
```

```
Storage miner
Path with Groups: ["example-storage-group-1"]
Worker 1 (PC1, PC2):
Path with Groups: ["example-seal-group-1"], AllowTo: ["example-seal-group-1"]
Worker 2 (PC1, PC2):
Path with Groups: ["example-seal-group-2"], AllowTo: ["example-seal-group-2"]
Worker 3 (PC1):
Path with AllowTo: ["example-seal-group-1""]
```

> Without storage groups, PC2 tasks on workers 1 or 2 could be scheduled with sector data from other workers, which would often waste bandwidth and occasionally block processing on fetching data.
> With storage groups configured as above, sectors which had PC1 done on worker1 / worker2 will always execute PC2 on the same worker. Sectors from worker3 will only go to worker1 for PC2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without storage groups, PC2 tasks on workers 1 or 2 could be scheduled with sector data from other workers, which would often waste bandwidth and occasionally block processing on fetching data.

With storage groups configured as above, sectors which had PC1 done on worker1 / worker2 will always execute PC2 on the same worker. Sectors from worker3 will only go to worker1 for PC2
```

Author: @johnnymatthews Hey, I am not able to spot the change here.

> Groups can be setup in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groups can be set up in two ways:
```

> - For new storage paths, set with
> ``` 
> lotus-miner storage attach --init --groups <["group-a", "group-b" ... ]>, --allow-to=<["group-a", "group-b" ... ]> or lotus-worker storage attach --init --groups <["group-a", "group-b" ... ]>, --allow-to <["group-a", "group-b" ... ]>
> ```
> - For existing storage paths, modify [path]/sectorstore.json, then restarting lotus-miner/worker
> ```
> {
>  "ID": "74e1d667-7bc9-49bc-a9a6-0c30afd8684c",
>  "Weight": 10,
>  "CanSeal": false,
>  "CanStore": true,
>  "MaxStorage": 0,
>  "Groups": ["group-a", "group-b"]
>   "AllowTo": ["storage0"]
> }
> ```
> ***Note: if --allow-to or AllowTo is not specified, all groups will be accessible.***

Reviewer: ````suggestion

For new storage paths, run:

```shell
lotus-miner storage attach --init --groups <["group-a", "group-b" ... ]>, --allow-to=<["group-a", "group-b" ... ]> or lotus-worker storage attach --init --groups <["group-a", "group-b" ... ]>, --allow-to <["group-a", "group-b" ... ]>
```

For existing storage paths, modify [path]/sectorstore.json, then restarting lotus-miner/worker:

```json
{
 "ID": "74e1d667-7bc9-49bc-a9a6-0c30afd8684c",
 "Weight": 10,
 "CanSeal": false,
 "CanStore": true,
 "MaxStorage": 0,
 "Groups": ["group-a", "group-b"]
  "AllowTo": ["storage0"]
}
```

{{< alert icon="warning">}}
If either `--allow-to` or `AllowTo` are not specified, all groups will be accessible.
{{< /alert >}}
````
